hey this is Brian with workshop addict
today I'm looking at the Milwaukee m18
stick light this is model 23 52 - 20
another LED light from Milwaukee they're
coming out with some great lights and
this is kind of one of my favorite
things to review look at because I use
them all the time underneath cars in
doing home-improvement stuff you seem to
be underneath cabinets in closets in
areas where you always could use a
little more light so first I'd like to
say that this tool does not come with a
battery so when you're looking at it in
the store make sure you know that it
uses the red lithium m18 batteries you
can use anything from a compact up to a
4 or 5 amp hour any of the red lithium
batteries and 18 volt will fit it to
start out its they've got some great
innovations here as far as hanging this
top hook which is stainless steel
swivels so you can hang it any way up
top if you need to lock it into place it
actually locks there and holds they also
have another one that's optimized back
here for rear hanging which you can
slide it depending on what battery you
have on it you can hang it and it will
sit in whatever you would on whatever if
you want it a me down you want to a me a
little forward it's optimized for
whatever battery comes with it also it
has two settings first setting which is
high will run for 15 hours it's 300
lumens second setting which is low will
run for 30 hours and that's 150 lumens
and one of the reasons they put these
two settings in was because they you can
get into a small area with this light
and it can be too bright at 300 lumens
so you can drop it down to running a low
setting and it'll be more optimized for
daylight that's one of Milwaukee's big
items here is this is a true view they
tried to make this item so that it's
optimized for the best color palette or
color temperature that you would have
which is going to be a 10 in the morning
or 2:00 in the afternoon light so you
can see the actual colors and things
aren't just drastically bright in one
area they try to spread the light out so
it's more workable and any fear in tight
spaces this thing rotates back 45
degrees and rotates forward 45 years so
you have quite a bit of adjustability in
it when using this the first thing you
get these LED lights in they are bright
when you look directly at them so I
wouldn't really look at the light but on
high if we can see this this light for
being small even if I come out here a
little bit it has a very wide pattern
nothing is incredibly bright in one area
it spreads everything out that's high
and if we switch to low there is a
difference but when you look at it you
can see that it just it lights up the
whole area
nothing is crazy bright nothing is crazy
dim so that's one thing that really
strikes me when you get a good quality
LED light everything kind of shows up in
its nice original color it's not just
beaming ly bright in one little area and
then kind of bright out on the sides
which you can see with some of the
cheaper LED lights so I highly recommend
this light for anybody who's in tight
spaces could be plumbing home
improvement car work this has been great
underneath the car even hunting and
camping again excellent light it does
have a replaceable lens on the front if
you were to break it so another thing
that you don't have to buy a whole new
light if it did hit something I just
want to show you kind of a transition of
the Milwaukee lights this is my first
LED light that I got it's more like a
flashlight kind of a camping light and
when you put it up here it is more
directed but it's not meant to be a wide
angle more of a flashlight type thing
and this is their floodlight this has
been excellent if you're looking for
lights I would compare this to this
although you're not getting anywhere
near the light out of this one as you do
here let me see if I can just pop this
guy on
I can light up front to back to this
whole car and nothing is overly bright
in one area an excellent floodlight so
if you're in the market for LEDs check
out the ones that are available from
Milwaukee John also has a video coming
out of the m12 in m18 they're like
Lantern LEDs it's going to be really
cool if you want to check out that video
we are the workshop attic forum stop
back stop by at workshop edicom
subscribe to our youtube channel or
leave us a comment of what you like or
dislike about our videos thank you